HR Dashboard/README.md, before:

# Daily Work Report

## Date: 20/05/2024

### Summary

Research about Department head, Team leader role in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about Department head, Team leader role in people analytics (Layer 2).

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Extend Layer 3 of Department head and Team leader.

## Date: 17/05/2024

### Summary

Research about Director role in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about Director role in people analytics focus on 3 needs:
    - Overall Headcount.
    - Attrition (turnover).
    - Workforce costs.

### Challenges Faced

- Research process is slow, takes a lot of time.

### Next Steps

- Research about HR Manager role in people analytics.

## Date: 16/05/2024

### Summary

Research about different user personas in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about different user personas in people analytics (their role in organization and what their needs in dashboard):
    - Directors
    - HR Managers
    - Department Managers
    - Recruitment Manager
    - Learning and Development Manager
    - Compensation and Benefits Manager
    - Employee

### Challenges Faced

- Some roles have the same views, but different level of detail. Try to identify level of detail for each role.

### Next Steps

- Reconstruct user personas mindmap, create layer 3.


## Date: 15/05/2024

### Summary

Brainstorm recruitment and research relevant terms regarding to recruitment.

### Tasks Completed

- Brainstorm recruitment and research relevant terms regarding to recruitment:
    - Vacancy
    - % Vacancy Filled vs % Screening Hired.
- Scanning recruitment dashboard.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Finalize fact_recruitment database design.

## Date: 14/05/2024

### Summary

Review data warehouse: definition, data pipeline, dimension modeling, ETL vs ELT.

### Tasks Completed

- Review data warehouse: 
    - WHAT and WHY data warehouse.
    - Data pipeline.
    - Dimension modeling.
    - ETL vs ELT.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Re-design fact_recruitment, fact_leave and research terms related to recruitment and leave.

## Date: 13/05/2024

### Summary

Re-design HR Dashboard database.

### Tasks Completed

- Finish brainstorm and re-design fact_headcount.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Re-design fact_recruitment, fact_leave and research terms related to recruitment and leave.


## Date: 12/05/2024

### Summary

Mainly research on HR Analytics domain to have a better insight.

### Tasks Completed

- Analize HR Dashboard using WHAT, WHO, WHY questions.
- Deep dive into Headcount metric: clarify related terms (FTE, contract type, tenure, seniority)
- Applying top-down approach on fact_headcount design.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Keep research other metrics in HR Dashboard.
- Research Dim_date table.

Commit message:

update 20240521: Research HR manager persona

HR Dashboard/README.md, after:

# Daily Work Report

## Date: 21/05/2024

### Summary

Research about HR Manager responsibility in organization and identify metrics in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about HR Manager responsibility in organization.
- Identify metrics in people analytics (Layer 2, 3).

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Extend Layer 3 of Department head and Team leader.

## Date: 20/05/2024

### Summary

Research about Department head, Team leader role in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about Department head, Team leader role in people analytics (Layer 2).

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Extend Layer 3 of Department head and Team leader.

## Date: 17/05/2024

### Summary

Research about Director role in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about Director role in people analytics focus on 3 needs:
    - Overall Headcount.
    - Attrition (turnover).
    - Workforce costs.

### Challenges Faced

- Research process is slow, takes a lot of time.

### Next Steps

- Research about HR Manager role in people analytics.

## Date: 16/05/2024

### Summary

Research about different user personas in people analytics.

### Tasks Completed

- Research about different user personas in people analytics (their role in organization and what their needs in dashboard):
    - Directors
    - HR Managers
    - Department Managers
    - Recruitment Manager
    - Learning and Development Manager
    - Compensation and Benefits Manager
    - Employee

### Challenges Faced

- Some roles have the same views, but different level of detail. Try to identify level of detail for each role.

### Next Steps

- Reconstruct user personas mindmap, create layer 3.


## Date: 15/05/2024

### Summary

Brainstorm recruitment and research relevant terms regarding to recruitment.

### Tasks Completed

- Brainstorm recruitment and research relevant terms regarding to recruitment:
    - Vacancy
    - % Vacancy Filled vs % Screening Hired.
- Scanning recruitment dashboard.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Finalize fact_recruitment database design.

## Date: 14/05/2024

### Summary

Review data warehouse: definition, data pipeline, dimension modeling, ETL vs ELT.

### Tasks Completed

- Review data warehouse: 
    - WHAT and WHY data warehouse.
    - Data pipeline.
    - Dimension modeling.
    - ETL vs ELT.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Re-design fact_recruitment, fact_leave and research terms related to recruitment and leave.

## Date: 13/05/2024

### Summary

Re-design HR Dashboard database.

### Tasks Completed

- Finish brainstorm and re-design fact_headcount.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Re-design fact_recruitment, fact_leave and research terms related to recruitment and leave.


## Date: 12/05/2024

### Summary

Mainly research on HR Analytics domain to have a better insight.

### Tasks Completed

- Analize HR Dashboard using WHAT, WHO, WHY questions.
- Deep dive into Headcount metric: clarify related terms (FTE, contract type, tenure, seniority)
- Applying top-down approach on fact_headcount design.

### Challenges Faced

None

### Next Steps

- Keep research other metrics in HR Dashboard.
- Research Dim_date table.
